Blofeld is currently just a web based music server. You run it, tell it where
your music is and it makes it available for you to listen to over the web in
your browser or potentially other software or devices. It's pretty basic right
now, but it does support cover art, automatic transcoding and a few other 
things. The plan eventually is to add DAAP server capabailities and uPNP/DLNA
capabilities to basically have a be-all end-all music server.

This thing is a monster. I'm not joking. Trying to get this thing running on
your machine at this stage is just simply not recommended, but I know some
people just can't help themselves, so here's what you need to do. First things
first, save yourself a lot of pain and heartache and only attempt this on 
Ubuntu 9.10 or newer (I have successfully made it run on Windows, but it wasn't
what you'd call "easy"). Here's what you're going to need:

 * CherryPy 3 ( http://www.cherrypy.org/ )
 * Cheetah ( http://www.cheetahtemplate.org/ )
 * Python Imaging Library ( http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/ )
 * Mutagen ( http://code.google.com/p/mutagen/ )
 * Couchdbkit ( http://couchdbkit.org/ )
 * FFmpeg ( http://ffmpeg.org/ )
 * CouchDB ( http://couchdb.apache.org/ )

On Ubuntu, you'd want to do something like like this:

  sudo aptitude install  python-cherrypy3 python-cheetah python-pil \
    python-cjson python-celementtree python-setuptools ffmpeg

Followed by:

  sudo easy_install couchdbkit mutagen

Please note, mutagen is packaged in Ubuntu, but we need a newer version than
the package provides. If you have python-mutagen installed, uninstall it before
running easy_install. Also, the couchdbkit package in Lucid is broken somehow,
so don't bother trying to use that one either.

Then you just need to run Blofeld.py. It will create a configuration file at
~/.blofeld/blofeld.cfg. The options there that you might want to change should
be pretty self explanatory. As far as the 'backends' are concerned, Blofeld's
internal file scanning is the default and the recommended option, but there is
also a Rhythmbox backend you can active by setting 'source = rhythmbox' and 
then Blofeld will just import your Rhythmbox library instead of scanning for
itself.

Once you're up and running, point your web browser to http://localhost:8080/
and hopefully you'll see the web interface and be able to start browsing and
listening to music. Hopefully.

If you want to see cover art, you're going to have to have an image named 
'Cover.jpg' in the folder with whatever song you're trying to listen to. I
know, I know... you have 'folder.jpg' or 'cover.jpg' or all your artwork is
embedded. I'll get to all that eventually (or hey, maybe you could send a 
patch...)

There's also a very basic plugin for Rhythmbox which can add a Blofeld server
as a source. The plugin is in the extra directory, and you need to drop the
whole blofeld-rhythmbox folder into ~/.local/share/rhythmbox/plugins. Fun.

There's also a pretty useful JSON API that I don't feel like documenting right
now. There's also a pretty appalling lack of comments in the code, but a smart
person should be able to figure out what's going on. 
